analyses/_README.md, before:

# README for the analyses folder
What the ... is going on here? (By Lizzie for now.)

This folder was started by Lizzie (on 17 April 2025) to scratch out the beginnings of a workflow example using LPI for the Phil Trans workflow paper. 

What's in here?

* input/ currently has one file (LPD2022_public.csv) which is the LPI data file (it's also in LivingPlanetIndex/LPD2022_public)

* Johnsonetal2024/ is renamed from Johnson_etal_2024_code_GitTFJ-correlated_effect_model-21c0d95 and is the data and code associated with Johnson et al. 2024, which I downloaded 8 Feb 2025 in hopes I would do that retrodictive check that I never did. I am not actually sure if we'll need this, but I though I would leave it here for now in case it proves useful. 

* LivingPlanetIndex/ is the LPI public data that I downloaded in 2024. The README inside is by me.

* sampleworkflow.Rmd is my basic start (with no useful code! Just text) of how I think we could approach this. 

* starterLPI.R is me trying to look at the LPI data (which I forgot is super annoying so I cribbed off Johnsonetal2024 code).

Commit message:

Adding the weird spot code is to the analyses README

analyses/_README.md, after:

# README for the analyses folder
What the ... is going on here? (By Lizzie for now.)

This folder was started by Lizzie (on 17 April 2025) to scratch out the beginnings of a workflow example using LPI for the Phil Trans workflow paper. 

### What code is NOT in here? 

Code for the retrodictive figure is in ..//figures

### What's in here?

* input/ currently has one file (LPD2022_public.csv) which is the LPI data file (it's also in LivingPlanetIndex/LPD2022_public)

* Johnsonetal2024/ is renamed from Johnson_etal_2024_code_GitTFJ-correlated_effect_model-21c0d95 and is the data and code associated with Johnson et al. 2024, which I downloaded 8 Feb 2025 in hopes I would do that retrodictive check that I never did. I am not actually sure if we'll need this, but I though I would leave it here for now in case it proves useful. 

* LivingPlanetIndex/ is the LPI public data that I downloaded in 2024. The README inside is by me.

* sampleworkflow.Rmd is my basic start (with no useful code! Just text) of how I think we could approach this. 

* starterLPI.R is me trying to look at the LPI data (which I forgot is super annoying so I cribbed off Johnsonetal2024 code).
